[16.0][ADD] add module l10n_ch_qr_reports_partner_address_street3 (#19)
sonhd91/l10n-switzerland: l10n_ch_partner_address_street3/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adapts the 3rd street of partners implemented from `partner_address_street3` (from the partner-contact repository) on reports with QR codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module takes into account `street3` from `partner-contact/partner_address_street3` in QR-bills.
```
